Kongmap (#2362)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/yesinteractive/kongmap/index.md

---
name: KongMap
publisher: Yes Interactive

categories:
  - deployment

type: integration

desc: Visually Map and Manage your Kong Clusters

description: |

>   Kongmap is a free visualization tool which allows you to view and edit configurations of your Kong API Gateway Clusters, including Routes, Services, and Plugins/Policies. The tool is being offered for installation via Docker and Kubernetes at this time. 

Reviewer: https://www.grammarly.com/blog/which-vs-that/#:~:text=In%20a%20defining%20clause%2C%20use,and%20you%20can%20use%20which.

```suggestion
  Kongmap is a free visualization tool that allows you to view and edit configurations of your Kong API Gateway Clusters, including Routes, Services, and Plugins/Policies. The tool is being offered for installation using Docker and Kubernetes at this time. 
```

      compatible:
        - 2.1.x
        - 2.0.x
        - 1.5.x
        - 1.4.x
        - 1.3.x

    enterprise_edition:
      compatible:
        - 2.1.x
        - 1.5.x
        - 1.3-x

###############################################################################
# END YAML DATA
# Beneath the next --- use Markdown (redcarpet flavor) and HTML formatting only.
#
# The remainder of this file is for free-form description, instruction, and
# reference matter.
# Your headers must be Level 3 or 4 (parsing to h3 or h4 tags in HTML).
# This is represented by ### or #### notation preceding the header text.
###############################################################################
# BEGIN MARKDOWN CONTENT
---

## Features

#### Cluster View
Allows an admin to view a dynamic map of their Kong API Gateway clusters and visually see relationships between
Workspaces (for Kong Enterprise), Services, Routes (Endpoints), and Plugins (Policies). Clicking on any entity displays
details of the entity and related links. Plugins can be toggled from view. 

![alt text](https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/blob/main/screenshots/kongmap-home.png?raw=true "kongmap")

#### Endpoint Analyzer

> View details of an API Endpoint (Route). The analyzer shows the Service attached to the endpoint/route as well as provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View details of an API Endpoint (Route). The analyzer shows the Service attached to the endpoint/route as well as 
```

a breakdown of all plugins/policies in order of execution attached to the route/endpoint. For Kong Enterprise users,
all entities can be viewed directly via a link to Kong Manager.

![alt text](https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/blob/main/screenshots/kongmap-endpoint.png?raw=true "kongmap")

#### Declarative Configuration Viewer/Editor

> KongMap is deployed with a browser based version of Kong's CLI tool, decK. Here you can view, edit, and export Kong declarative configurations for your open source 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KongMap is deployed with a browser-based version of Kong's CLI tool, decK. Here you can view, edit, and export Kong declarative configurations for your open source 
```

and Enterprise clusters via YAML. Declarative

> configuration editing can be disabled by KongMap configuration, or managed via RBAC permissions if using Kong Enterprise. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration editing can be disabled by KongMap configuration, or managed with RBAC permissions if using Kong Enterprise. 
```

![alt text](https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/blob/main/screenshots/kongmap-deck.png?raw=true "kongmap")

> Full documentation available online here: [https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/](https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full documentation is available here: [https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/](https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/)
```

## Compatibility ## 

> KongMap supports both Kong Open Source and Kong Enterprise Clusters greater than version 1.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KongMap supports both Kong Open Source and Kong Enterprise Clusters greater than version 1.5.x.
```

## Docker Installation ##

> Docker image is Alpine 3.11 based running PHP 7.3 on Apache. The container exposes both ports 80 an 443 with a self signed certificated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker image is Alpine 3.11 based running PHP 7.3 on Apache. The container exposes both ports 80 an 443 with a self-signed certificated. 
```

> #### 1. Export Cluster Configurations to Variable ####

Reviewer: Delete the extraneous header markers #.

> The connections to your Kong clusters are defined via JSON. The below example illustrates adding two Kong clusters to KongMap:

Reviewer: Most style guides frown upon "via", which is Latin.

```suggestion
The connections to your Kong clusters are defined usin JSON. The below example illustrates adding two Kong clusters to KongMap:
```

will be visible in your Kong Enterprise Cluster.

Export the config to a variable:

```shell
 export KONG_CLUSTERS='{  "my enterprise cluster": {    "kong_admin_api_url": "http://kongapi_url:8001",    "kong_edit_config": "true",   "kong_ent": "true",    "kong_ent_token": "admin",    "kong_ent_token_name": "kong-admin-token",    "kong_ent_manager_url": "http://kongmanager_url:8002"  }}'
  ```

#### 2. Start Container ####

Run the container with the following command. Set the ports to your preferred exposed ports. The example below exposes KongMap on ports 8100 and 8143. Notice the `KONGMAP_URL` variable. Set this optional variable if you have a need to set all KongMap URL's to a specific domain or URL.

```
$ docker run -d \
  -e "KONGMAP_CLUSTER_JSON=$KONG_CLUSTERS" \
  -e "KONGMAP_URL=http://url_to_kongmap" \
  -p 8100:80 \
  -p 8143:443 \
  yesinteractive/kongmap
```

#### 3. Authentication ####

If you want to enable authentication to KongMap's UI, it is recommended to run Kongmap behind your Kong Gateway and implement any authentication

> policies you feel is appropriate (OIDC, OAUTH2, Basic Auth, etc.) at the gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
policies you feel are appropriate (OIDC, OAUTH2, Basic Auth, etc.) at the gateway.
```

## Feedback and Issues

> If you have questions, feedback or want to submit issues, please do so here: [https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/issues](https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions, feedback, or want to submit issues, please do so here: [https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/issues](https://github.com/yesinteractive/kong-map/issues).
```
